@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\content_main.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher_round.xml
alpha;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
alpha;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\activity_main.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\activity_main.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\activity_main.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.webkit.WebView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\content_main.xml
background;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher.xml
background;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher_round.xml
cache-path;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;obj\Debug\90\res\values\colors.xml
color;obj\Debug\90\res\values\ic_launcher_background.xml
dimen;obj\Debug\90\res\values\dimens.xml
external-cache-path;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher_round.xml
FrameLayout;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
FrameLayout;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\43\jl\res\layout\zxingscanneractivitylayout.xml
FrameLayout;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\43\jl\res\layout\zxingscannerfragmentlayout.xml
include;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\activity_main.xml
item;obj\Debug\90\res\menu\menu_main.xml
item;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
item;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
LinearLayout;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
menu;obj\Debug\90\res\menu\menu_main.xml
paths;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\content_main.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\colors.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\dimens.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\ic_launcher_background.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\strings.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
resources;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
set;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
set;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
set;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
set;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
string;obj\Debug\90\res\values\strings.xml
style;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
style;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
TextView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\content_main.xml
translate;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
translate;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
translate;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
translate;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;X:\School\repository\proj\AndroidApp\Pantry Inventory\Pantry Inventory\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
